hi everyone welcome to our session today
excited to have you all here and to be
learning a little bit more about
directory service with us this is my
first reinvent and I've really enjoyed
the time I've got to spend here and
enjoyed being able to talk to all of you
and learn more about how you're using
AWS and how we can make the service
better for you so any of you who've set
up a directory before know that this can
be a difficult and time-consuming
process everything from provisioning the
infrastructure to installing the
directory software to getting
replication set up between domain
controllers to having a good disaster
recovery scenario with backups to
pushing patching to monitoring and
recovering your domain controllers it's
a it's a difficult process and so I'm
Rob mon coeur i'm the product manager
for AWS directory service and i'm
excited to talk to you today about how
we can help you to set up a new
directory in AWS or connect your
existing directory to AWS so just a
quick intro hear about what you should
expect from our session will quickly go
through how you can use AWS directory
service with what you're doing today and
then I want to spend a lot of time
actually diving into some demos to show
you exactly what it looks like to set up
a new directory to connect your existing
directory to domain join windows and
linux instances so a large part of my
presentation here today will actually be
in demo so hope the demo gods work out
for us today also I have Sonja r I heard
here she's one of our customers and
she's going to talk a little bit about
how Federation with AWS directory
service works and how you can use that
to manage some of your AWS accounts I'll
also be talking about how AWS directory
service integrates with workspaces
worked
to the work male and how you can use it
with those AWS services we'll have a
quick demo about how to use work docs
from a domain join machine I'm in this
case it will be a workspace and finally
I just have a few things that I'd like
to present to all of you just a few
things to keep in mind to make sure that
you have the best experience using AWS
directory service these are some of the
learnings we've had over last year we
launched this service October of last
year so it's been online almost a year
now and we've learned a whole lot since
we first launched and finally we'll save
Q&A for after the session and I'll be
down in the AWS security kiosk in the
booth on the expo floor so catch me
after the session or come by the booth
if you have additional questions that
aren't answered by the presentation
today alright so any of you who have
managed servers at scale who have know
that this can be a difficult process and
the more servers you have the more
challenging it becomes keeping track of
user logins and credentials keeping
track of key files to access those
servers making sure each server is
configured properly for security and
other uses on any of you've done this
know that can be a difficult a difficult
and challenging process and the more
servers you have the harder it is to do
any of you have done this also know that
using a directory can solve this problem
that it can help you managed centrally
all of your authentications can help you
push group policy to those servers to to
actually configure them and today AWS
directory service helps you do this and
so the question is what is AWS directory
service we give you two options the
first one is called simple ad and simple
ad is a brand new directory in AWS
this is based on samba for Microsoft
Active Directory compatible server and
simple idea is perfect for you if you
need a brand new directory that runs
inside of AWS and it's it's perfect for
simple director use cases like users
groups group policies domain joining
instances any of those simple director
use cases will work great with simple ad
and we manage high availability backups
monitoring and recovery we do all of
that for you you just need to manage the
actual data the users and groups that
actually go in the directory um our
second offering is called a t-connector
an ad connector is a custom Federation
proxy that we've built to help you
connect your existing on-premise
Microsoft Active Directory into AWS to
use with some some AWS applications and
services and some of these are
workspaces work Docs and work mail the
Federation piece that Sonya will talk
about later in the presentation as well
as being able to automatically domain
join new ec2 windows instances that you
boot up and a t-connector to get this to
work you'll need to set up some
networking you'll need to connect your
your on-premise network to AWS via VPN
connection to get that to connect there
and a t-connector will actually proxy
the Kerberos and LDAP requests back to
your back to your on-premise directory
we'll get into that a little bit later
in the presentation so to start out here
I'd actually like to like to switch to a
demo and show you how quick and easy it
is to actually set up a new simple ad
directory in AWS so let me get logged in
here
alright so we're going to start out here
from the AWS management console and
under the security and identity section
you can see here the directory service
portion of the console so we'll go into
this section here and you can see here
the first thing you'll see if you have
any directors at already running they'll
be listed here so I've set up a couple
that we're going to use for the demos
today and from here we're going to go
ahead and set up a new directory and
mind you this is this process we're
going to go through is going to take two
or three minutes and this is something
that you were to do on your own
provisioning the infrastructure
installing the software setting up
monitoring and backups this could take
you all day or maybe even all week and
we're going to do this in just a couple
of minutes so you can see how simple and
easy it is to set up a new directory so
here as I mentioned before we give you
two directory types a simple ad which is
the in AWS directory and an ad connector
which connects your existing directory
to AWS so we're going to go ahead and
create a simple ad directory here and
there's a simple form here there's just
a few pieces of information you need to
fill out the first one is the directory
dns name and what this is is this is the
actual name that is inside the dns name
inside your VPC that will resolve to
your directory this doesn't need to be
something that you can resolve
externally this will just resolve inside
of your VPC we will add an BIOS name and
when we set up a simple ad directory for
you we give you an administrative user
name administrator and you can set the
password for that administrator user
here so make sure that this is something
that you remember because you'll use us
later on to administrate your directory
to log into instances that are joined
there or add additional users or groups
from there you can also add a
description this is just a friendly name
to help you wreck
the director in the console you can pick
a size smaller a large we have some
guidance in our documentation on how to
to pick the right size but basically for
a small directory it can hold up to 500
users and a large can hold up to 5,000
users is our recommendation so as I also
mentioned your directory lives in a VPC
and it is highly available and part of
that you'll need to have a VPC set up
with two different subnets we will
actually put a domain controller in each
of those subnets and if one of your
domain controllers were to go down we
would automatically fail over to the one
and the other availability zone in the
other subnet and then recovered the the
unhealthy one so you always have a fail
over there that we've built in into our
architecture by default so here you can
see you can quickly review the
information we put in and there's a note
here we do have a free trial with any
small directory so we give you either 30
days or 750 hours of small directory
hours to go ahead and start up a
directory that you'll be given at no
cost additionally if you're using the
service and actively paying for
workspaces work docks or work mail it is
bundled with that you will not be
charged at all for your directory and
that goes for both simple ad and a
t-connector so we'll go ahead and create
that director you can see it's been
requested here this will take about five
minutes to come up it's fairly quick
while we're waiting there for that to
come up I'll skip over here to the
section with AD connector to show you
what it looks like to set an ad
connector up I won't actually set one up
because i don't have the networking set
up here but before you get to this point
you'll actually as i mentioned before
you'll need to set up your existing
on-premise network to be connected to
your AWS v pc via VPN connection or a
direct connect connection you'll also
need to open a couple different ports
port for DNS the port for kerberos and
the port for ldap for a t-connector to
be able to to proxy those requests back
to your existing on-premise directory so
the director DNS name this here is just
the it's the domain name of your actual
domain so you'll want to put that in
here same with the netbios name this is
of the the domain you're connecting to
you'll also need to get a connector
account username and password and what
this is it's a fairly low privileged
account that we we store and encrypt it
and then use those to make ldap calls
back to your directory so you'll
probably need to work with your ad
administrator to get this account
created for you so you can put it in
here in this form you'll also need to
add at least one if not two DNS
addresses here and we use those DNS
addresses to look up the SRV records to
find the best domain controllers to
connect to to proxy those authentication
requests to similarly a t-connector has
a small in a large size this is just the
difference here is the actual
infrastructure that it sits on their
different instant sizes we have
information in our documentation to help
you decide based on how many users
you're supporting what size you should
pick there and similar to simple ID
you'll need a pic of epc and two subnets
for those proxy instances to go in so
that's that's how to set up an ad
connector there so we'll go ahead and
look at this Tuesday directory and I'm
going to use this director for a few
other demos and this is the director
details page shows you all the
information about your directory what
type it is what the idea is what the
domain name is and a few other pieces of
information these DNS addresses are the
actual IP addresses in your VPC of your
domain controllers so you can use those
to communicate with the domain
controllers additionally from the screen
you'll be able to create an access URL
later in the priest and presentation
will show you how to use the access URL
but essentially this allows you to
connect to work dachshund work mail as
well as the Federation into the AWS
management console you can also see
which applications and services are
enabled for your directory workspaces
work docks work mail and AWS management
console it's an easy way to see how the
directory is being used here so that's
just a little bit about how to get
started setting up your directory so
jumping back here my slides we're
actually going to go through a second
demo of how to join domain join
instances to your directory and I'm
going to start out by doing a domain
joining a Linux instance i'm going to
use an amazon linux instance but we also
support centos bun to and rel and those
are the versions we support under
documentation and we actually have a
full tutorial on how to do this in our
documentation as well how to demain join
a linux and a Windows instance so I have
up here this is my cheat sheet this
informations in our documentation as
well but I'm going to jump back over
here to my laptop to show you how this
works so let's go ahead and I guess one
other thing I'll mention real quick so
here's the the documentation for how to
domain join a Linux instance to a simple
ad directory we do support like I
mentioned for different types of Linux
another thing you want to do before you
do any domain joining you want to go set
up your DHCP option set for your bpc to
point to your directory so here in the
VPC management console I've got my
Tuesday VPC here that I've set up that
has my Tuesday directory in it and I
have a DHCP option set assigned to it as
well and you can see here I'll click on
this you can see it on the domain name
is set to Tuesday my director calm and
the domain name servers are set to those
IP addresses that i got from the
directory details page and this will
allow
any instance running in your VPC to
discover those automatically if that
instance is dhcp enabled so this makes a
domain joint process really simple so
with that I will bring up my command
prompt in my cheat sheet here and I'm
going to SSH into a brand new Amazon
Linux instance that I've just set up so
you can see here that we are we're
logged into the Amazon Linux instance so
I'm just going to do a couple of quick
commands a yum update to make sure all
of our packages are up to date and then
next I will install a package called
sssd and that is the system security
services demon and that will be the
actual package that does the domain join
for the Linux instance so we'll get that
installed here that should take just a
second and while that's running the next
command I'm going to run here is the
realm joint command and you can see that
i'm using me see if i can zoom in here
on this so i'm using the user
administrator at tuesday my directory
calm and it's joining to the domain
tuesday my directory com it'll be able
to automatically discover where that
domain is because I've set up the the
dhcp option set ahead of time so we'll
go ahead and grab this command and we'll
stick it in here whoops I forgot the s
there on the sudo ok so you can see also
asked me for the password here to
actually perform this domain join this
is the same password you put in when you
created the directory or the password
for the user that you're using to the
main join in this case it is the
administrative user so what mean
okay so it looks like that works the
next thing I'm going to do here is edit
the sshd config file to enable password
authentication on this Linux instance so
let me grab this here and I'll just
stick that in here the top and we'll
save this file and then we will actually
need to start the sssd service to make
sure it's up and going and then we will
reboot this instance domain joins
require reboot both on the linux and
windows instances so this instance is
going to rebe rebooting it's going to
take a couple minutes to come up so
while we're waiting for that I'm going
to jump back into the the console here
to show you how to domain join a Windows
instance so this is here in the ec2
console and I'm going to go ahead and
launch a new instance this will be a
Windows Server 2008 r2 instance and a t2
micro will work fine so you can see here
in the configure instance details page
I'm given a couple options and once I
select the Tuesday VPC or my Tuesday
directory is I'll be able to also select
a domain join directory so we'll pick
that Tuesday directory in addition to
that I'll also need to assign an IM role
to it to make this domain domain join
process work so this what we're doing
here is actually called seamless domain
join and we have an instance running on
we have an agent running on the ec2
instance it's called ec2 config and it
will actually retrieve a configuration
document from the service called SSM
simple systems manager and this wizard
he'll will actually do all that
configuration for you will create the
configuration document and pass it to
the instance but the ec2 config agent
will will call the SSM service it will
retreat
that configuration document and then it
will actually perform the domain joint
command and then reboot the instance so
really all you need to do to get it set
up here is a sign in IM role that gives
that instance permissions to make those
calls to the SSM and directory service
portions that also will we have
documentation on what that what that
role looks like that you can look up so
you can configure this IM roll ahead of
time from here we'll go ahead and launch
this instance we'll call it test and add
a security group give it the right key
pair and will launch dancin so when this
instance boots up it will automatically
be domain joined to this Tuesday
directory and you can see here there
wasn't an option here in the actual
console to pick which oh you did this
instance the computer obstacle end up in
but if you do use the the API you will
be able to specify an o you to actually
put the computer object when its domain
joined in to the right the o you of your
choosing so also show you what it looks
like to log in to a domain joint
instance so this instance I've I've
already booted it up and I've got a
demain joined ahead of time so we'll be
able to use the Tuesday domain whoops
and the user administrator and we'll
type in the same password you use to
domain join the Linux instance and that
should give us a remote desktop session
I've installed the tool Active Directory
users and computers so I can actually
add users and groups to this domain so
you can see here these are some of the
computers I've joined to this domain
here are some of the users I've set up
ahead of time here's the administrator
user we've been using ahead of time
here's another user Casey that we're
going to use I'm to finish the Linux
domain join additionally you can see the
two domain controllers they're part of
this domain that are in this oh you as
well and these are the ones that
in each of those separate availability
zones so at this point our Linux
instance should have rebooted and we
should be able to log back in there so
we're back in the instance here so it's
a couple last steps we need to do to
finish the domain join for the Linux
instance the first thing I'm going to do
is edit the pseudo errs file and add the
admins group to it to make sure that
admins you users in the admins group can
make pseudo commands so we'll add that
there and then after you domain join a
Linux instance by default it allows any
users from your domain to be able to log
into it and you actually have to
explicitly tell it which users or groups
you'd like to lock it down to so I'm
going to go ahead and lock down this
instance to allow only the administrator
user and the user Casey to be able to
log in to this instance here and there's
a command realm list and you'll see here
that the permitted logins are the
administrator and Casey those thing only
to their allowed you can similarly ad
groups I'm to be permitted ad groups
here and so let's go ahead and log out
of this instance and then we'll actually
try and log in with this user Casey here
this will add him and you can see now
we're prompted for his password and I'm
now logged into the instance using a
username and password from Active
Directory so it's a fairly
straightforward process to set that up
onto domain join Linux instance alright
well that concludes the demo for domain
join so I'm actually going to switch
back here to my slides
so the next thing I'd like to talk about
is managing Federation to AWS you can
you can do this today I'm in a couple
different ways you can naturally use
sam'l to federate your Active Directory
users to be able to log in to AWS but
that requires you to set up and manage
sam'l infrastructure and to maintain
that ongoing in additionally to assign
roles to users is a manual process and
we've really done here with AWS
directory server which who made a little
easier way to get you up and going to
federate your Active Directory users to
AWS i'm going to have them be able to
easily log in to database management
console to manage resources so with that
I'm going to actually have Sonja r I
heard here from cox auto she's going to
come and talk about how her company is
using this Federation to manage their
AWS accounts so here you go Sonja in
your systems engineer at cox automotive
i work on our cloud and automation team
and our group is responsible for some
several of the private and public cloud
initiatives within our company many of
you may not have heard of cox automotive
but i'm sure you're familiar with our
consumer brands like Kelley Blue Book
autotrader Manheim and several others we
are a global organization of over 20
different brands we have 24,000
employees and / 121 locations worldwide
and we have 24 thousand or 40,000
customers that we support our goal as a
company is to transform the way the
world buys sells and owns cars so over
the last several years several of our
business units have been moving their
applications to AWS and in order to find
a way to manage and monitor all these
different resources our architects came
up with the account hierarchy that you
are seeing here so the way that we're
set up in AWS is we have a single built
master billing account in all charges
for all of our other AWS accounts are
set up with consolidated billing to be
charged back to the master billing
account
underneath that we have two shared
services accounts one for production and
one for non-production these are what we
refer to as our management accounts and
then every single application that we
deploy to AWS gets two accounts assigned
to it one for production and one for
non-production and the VPC within those
accounts are set up according to the
needs of the application so this account
hierarchy has solved a lot of problems
for us the first thing that has done is
it has made chargeback really really
simple we don't have to rely on people
to tag their resources with billing
codes we simply chargeback everything
that you deploy to your account to your
billing code or your business unit at
the end of the month it's also isolated
the AWS service limits to individual
applications in the past when we ran
several applications within a single AWS
account we were hitting AWS service
limits on a weekly and sometimes daily
basis and the final thing that is done
for us is an isolated users so they can
only access the accounts with the
applications that they are running and
managing so this is great but at cox
automotive we have a cloud team and our
cloud team needs to be able to access
every single AWS account that we set up
so we started down this path what we
were doing was we were creating
individual I am users for every member
of our cloud team on all of these
different AWS accounts and over time the
number of accounts that we deploy just
continue to grow right now we're up to
about 50 for AWS accounts and what this
did for us is it just created an IAM
access management nightmare we had I am
users all over the place we had no
centralized access management and it was
very confusing for the different users
so we needed to come up with a solution
to this problem what we decided to do
was to get rid of the local I am users
and use directory services with cross
account access to solve this problem and
before I get into that I'm going to
briefly walk you through the two
solutions independently and then we'll
show you how we combine the two to work
within our organization so earlier Rob
showed you how to set up an ad connector
once you have an HD connector set up you
can enable it for AWS directory services
for console access
with into your within your AWS account
and in order to do this all you have to
do is set up a series of roles and then
you can map users and groups from ad to
those roles that you have created once
you have this in place you give your
users and access URL they can go to this
access URL and they log in with their
active directory credentials using the
active direct using the ad connector the
user is authenticated with kerberos with
your on prem ad and then the user can
access the management console with the
roles that you configured in step one so
now that you know about how the active
directory in Federation works let me
talk to you a little bit about cross
account access so cross account access
is a way to establish a trusted
relationship between two different AWS
accounts that you own and once you've
established this trusted relationship a
user can log into one account and from
that account they can switch roles into
another AWS account without having to
re-authenticate I'm going to show you a
quick video demonstration on how this
works just between to AWS accounts and
then after this is over we'll dive into
combining these two solutions
so what we're doing in this video is I'm
logging into one of our labs accounts
and from this lab account we're going to
establish a trusted relationship with
another lab account in order to do this
we need to create a role so we're
creating a new role give you a role a
name here and then this is a role that's
going to be used for cross account
access in this part right here this
account ID is the account that we are
establishing the trusted relationship
with and then we're just assigning a
policy to this role so you can see here
we have this new role we have a trusted
entity associated with this role and at
the bottom we have a link that you can
give to your end users one thing to note
is if you create this role with cloud
formations which we do you will not see
this link in the console but you can
still generate it and give it to your
end users just know that you won't you
will not see it here if you scroll to
the bottom this is the important part
this is what makes cross account access
work and it is the trusted relationship
with the other accounts ID so that
account ID that we added for the trust
relationship is another labs account
that we own so I'm going to switch over
to that count now
and from here once i have indicated i
can easily switch over to the lab 7
account that we establish the trusted
relationship with
and if I want to from here I can
actually go back to the original account
that we logged into as well
alright now that we've talked about
directory services and federated users
and cross account access let's talk
about how at cox automotive we combine
these two features to enable our cloud
team to easily manage all of the
different AWS accounts within our
environment so what we did is we did not
want to enable directory services on
every account so we enabled directory
services only on our management accounts
so an end user will log into the
management account like we showed before
authenticate with ad and then they're
logged into the AWS console the roles
that we use for directory services have
very limited permissions within the
management account in fact if you take a
look at this network access role the
only thing that this role can do is
assume another role and the roles that
it can assume are the network access
roles that we deploy on every other
account within our environment on our
application accounts we have a standard
cloud formations template that we set up
on every single application account and
this CloudFormation template sets up a
number of things but one thing that it
creates is these roles that are used for
cross account access these roles are
locked down and they have a trusted
entity associated with them but one
thing I want you to notice is unlike in
the video that I showed you before where
we trusted the entire account ID we take
it a step farther and we we have a
principal statement in here that only
trusts specific roles so the network
engineer in this case only trust the
management account ID and the network
role this forces the user to log on with
the role on the management account that
we associated with the directory
services they can't just log on with the
standard I am user and by doing this we
have got rid of our local I am users
entirely we use the federated user to
log in to the management account and
then we use cross account access to
access every single account in our
environment so now i'm going to show you
another video demonstration and this
will show you what this looks like for
one of our end users and then at the end
of this demonstration we'll also take a
look at one of the application roles and
then we'll take a look at the management
account
so what we have created here is a cross
account access page and the link you see
at the top is just taking you to the
access URL for directory services and a
user can log in here with their Active
Directory user name and password now I'm
on the management console and I am
prompted for which role I want to log
into if I was only associated with one
role I wouldn't see that prompt I would
just be automatically logged in from
here like we showed in the other video
you can click the drop down and switch
role to switch to another account but we
have so many accounts in so many roles
that expecting users to remember this
would be near impossible so this is
where the link comes in handy that I
showed you before so we're going to go
back to the switch roles page that I
initially logged into and this page
contains all the switch roles links that
are used by our engineers since I logged
on as administrator I want to use the
link in the admin column and what this
link does for me is it automatically
populates the account name in the role
name so i don't have to remember that
information or type it in now you can
see how easily I switch from my
management account over to my labs eight
account and I can do anything that I
need to do with in this account will
switch to another link here and you'll
notice that as we're going between
accounts this is beginning to generate a
roll history in the upper right hand
corner you can see who your log n s you
can go back and forth between accounts
that you've previously logged in to from
here you can also hover over it to see
the information you can sign out you can
see who you're currently active as and
the account you are currently logged
into and then you can also switch back
to the original role that you logged
into
as we access more and more accounts like
I said you'll see this role history that
is being established but one thing to
know about this world history is it is
based on your cookies so if you access
this from a different browser from a
different computer your roll history
will be erased and you'll have to
recreate it the last thing that I wanted
to note here is you can type in a
display name if you don't like to see
the role name and the account name in
the upper right hand corner and by doing
this the display name that you selected
will be displayed so now that you've
seen what this looks like for our end
users let's take a look at the role that
is making this all happen
so the administrator role is the one in
this demonstration that we have been
switching over to and this role like I
said was created by cloud formations so
you don't see that link that we saw in
the previous video but you can still
generate that link yourself and use it
if you scroll down to the bottom this is
the important part this is the trust at
a relationship and in this trusted
relationship like I said we don't just
trust the entire account we actually
lock it down to a specific role on our
management account because we only want
the users that are federated users who
have logged on with their active
directory credentials to be able to
assume this role the final thing that
we're going to do is switch over and
take a look at our management account
and the Active Directory credentials and
what i have done prior to this
demonstration is i deleted the read-only
access role so i'm going to show you how
easy it is to associate this role with
directory services and add an end user
to that role so here you can see we have
a single ad connector setup and on this
AV connector we have AWS management
console and abled
right here we have three roles
associated what we're going to do is add
a new role we're going to add the
read-only access role and this excess
role was already created and it already
has a trusted relationship with all of
the other application accounts so I
simply add the role within directory
services and then from here I can switch
search for users and groups within
Active Directory to add them to this
role this has made it so much easier for
us to add new users and to give them
access to every every account that we
manage and like I said before we have no
more local I am users it's all done
through a federated user and cross
account access
okay that concludes our demonstration on
directory services and cross account
access and what happened okay that
solved the problem of console access for
us but the one thing that it did not
take care of was API access so one of
the developers on our team created this
application called al que es al que es
stands for air like airlift key services
and how this works is an end user can
log on to a browser interface and they
authenticate with a lks al KS will reach
out to active directory and look at the
ad groups that that user is a member of
from there it returns a list of eight
specific AWS accounts and roll
combinations that that end user has
access to and the user can select the
accountant role that they want to
connect to and click a button which will
reach out to AWS get federated tokens
for that user and return those to the
user in a pop-up within that pop-up they
have a secret key and access key and a
session token that allows them to
temporarily access the AWS account with
the API and they also have a link to
redirect to the AWS management console
if they need to so I have another quick
video demonstration showing you a lks
and how it works
once again logging on with Active
Directory credentials and if I was an
end user I would see the view that you
see here since I am an administrator I
also have this drop down where I can go
in and add new accounts to the
application in order to add an account
to the application all you need is a
user with long-term tokens that has the
access configured now that we've had the
account the next thing that we want to
do is rotate the keys once we rotate the
keys the new keys are encrypted within
the database and nobody knows the keys I
don't know them the long-term keys are
not available for anyone at this point
now we want to map that AWS account to a
specific role and as part of this we
also have to pass a policy document to
AWS in the final step is to map that
user or I'm sorry the final step is to
map that ad account and that role to a
group within active directory
now back on the home page you can see
that I have access to the account that
we just added and I can select a session
time for how long I need credentials to
access this account and then I can click
on the button to the right to generate
keys here I have an access key and a
secret key and a session token' so I can
access the API for this account and also
at the bottom we have the access AWS
console link that the end user can click
on to be redirected to the console
if you're interested in this application
we have open sourced it it is available
on github we encourage you to go out
there download it and use it in your
environment if it's something that could
help you out with that I'm going to hand
back over to rob so he can talk to you a
little bit more about directory services
and best practices
alright thank you so much Sonia that was
incredible it's great to see how your
company is using directory service to
manage your accounts so like I mentioned
I want to talk a little bit about how
director service integrates with the ad
OBS applications and those are
workspaces work docks and work mail so
if you're using one of these
applications today you're already using
directory service either a simple ad or
a t-connector directory and directory
service acts as identity services for
when you're logging into your workspace
your work Doc's site or your work mail
organization if you're using ad
connector it also works you can
integrate radius MFA into it so you can
actually provide an additional factor of
authentication if you are using a
t-connector similar to the access URL
that we provide for console access we
also provide one to access AWS
applications and it's it can be set up
to be whatever you'd like as long as the
access URL alias in this case here the
my company isn't being used by someone
else and you can configure that from the
directory service console and when users
log in here they'll use it the log in
with their directory username and
password and be logged in right to the
the actual application so I'm gonna go
ahead and show you a demo of how you log
into a workspace and then how you'd
enable the work Doc's single sign-on
feature with that
and after
alright so we'll go over here to the AWS
management console i'm going to show you
here from the workspace a section of the
console I've already gone ahead and I
set up a new workspace and I've assigned
it to that user Casey the same user we
use to login to the Linux instance and
additionally i have set up a work doc
site here and connected to that tuesday
directory as well so those those pieces
are already set up so let's go ahead
here and i'm going to launch the amazon
workspaces client and i'll be able to
log into this workspace here using those
credentials for Casey at Tuesday not my
directory.com use his original password
the same one we used to log into the
Linux instance that will also work here
to log into this workspace so while this
is coming up here we provide a feature
called work doc single sign-on that lets
you if you're on an instance that's the
main joined to your directory that's
also connected to the work doc site
you'll be logged in automatically to
work docks it's a simple click to enable
that feature from our console but you'll
see here if I go to the access URL which
is tuesday AWS apps com I will be
automatically logged into my work doc
site without having to type in my
username and password again and that is
that is because we've plumbed everything
to know that you are on a domain join
machine because this workspace is
actually domain join to that directory I
mean it will log you in automatically
the other piece of configuration that
you'll need to do you'll need to add
your access URL this Tuesday AWS apps
com or whatever you configure it to to
your trusted your trusted you our eyes
here on in your browser and we have
information in our documentation on how
to do that
alright so just a few things to keep in
mind is you're getting started using AWS
directory service or as you continue to
use it if you're already using it first
of all samba for compatibility so simple
ad today runs on the samba for engine
and there's a few little quirks to keep
in mind and the first one there is that
you are limited in users 502 a small or
5000 for a large this is a soft limit
you can put additional users in your
directory but you will see performance
degrade if you put additional users past
these recommended limits second of all
if you're using the Active Directory
users and computers tool to add users or
groups to your directory you'll want to
use that on a Windows Server 2008 r2
version we've just found that this
version works the best and that you may
see issues using other versions of
Windows Server with the Active Directory
users and computers tool so keep that as
mine in mind as you're administrating
your directory so next Windows
PowerShell command let's are not
supported this is just a part of Samba
they don't have the actual piece in
Samba to communicate with this schema
extensions and Samba are not supported
domain forests and trusts also ssam bar
not supported and using simple ad you
can only use two domain controllers and
those are the domain controllers that we
actually provision for you you won't be
able to domain join an instance and then
promote it to be a domain controller for
example so keep that in mind there is no
ldap s integration with simple ad today
this is something we're looking at doing
for the future but today this moment
does not is not enabled and mfa also
does not work with simple ad while it
doesn't work with ad connector and works
great there this is not available for
the simple a deed directory engine so a
couple things to keep in mind with a
t-connector as well
first of all a t-connector is just a
federation mechanism to AWS it simply
federates Kerberos and LDAP requests
back to your Active Directory for
integration with some of these
applications and services and it's just
a proxy no information is cached at all
no information is stored with those
those logins in AWS is proxied over the
network tier on premise Active Directory
um an ad connector is not a secret way
around your firewall to get it working
you'll still need to setup a VPN
connection you'll need to open the ports
for DNS and kerberos and LDAP so there's
no like secret way around your firewall
um additionally the availability of a
t-connector is highly tied to the
availability of your networking it's
that includes your VPN connection as
well as your network in your on-premise
environment so if your VPN connection
were to go down or you did have
networking issues a t-connector would
not be able to continue to proxy those
authentication requests one way that we
recommend that could mitigate this if
you're able to setup a domain controller
inside of your VPC in that way if there
are networking issues your VPN goes down
a t-connector will continue to
authenticate against that local domain
controller there so a few other things
here directory service is enabled in the
AWS sdk and CLI tools so you can create
and configure a directory via API all
those API calls you make are logged and
cloud trail and we just announced this
last week you can also use cloud
formation templates to launch a simple
ad directory it doesn't work for a
t-connector directories yet but it does
work for simple ad and so this is an
easy way to get setup I'm creating a new
directory and configuring it if you want
to add users or groups are actually
administrate the directory data you want
to demain join an instant
use a tool like Active Directory users
and computers we also have a blog post
we've written about how to use some
other command line tools to use with
simple ad and that's on the AWS security
blog and you can look that up there so
i'm going to show you real quick how
easy it is to create a directory with
AWS CLI so let me get my cheat sheet up
here i'm going to launch a normal
windows command prompt i've gone ahead
of time and i've installed the AWS CLI
tools and i've added my access keys here
so i have set this up ahead of time but
i'll make a quick command here aw SDS
help and so this will show the actual
api's that are available for directory
service there's a list here and i'm
going to go ahead and run this create
directory command and we'll look at what
this looks like real quick so we'll just
give it a name will call it sunday doubt
my directory will give it a password a
size and the region and the VPC and
subnets you want to set it into that
these are the same properties that we
entered into the console earlier so i
will go ahead and i will pop this in
here and it will take just a second and
you can see it just took one second to
create a new directory and if we pop
back over here into the console you'll
be able to see that our sunday directory
is now creating so super easy to use
this with the CLI tools or SDKs to set
up a new directory this could be a great
case to use for example with Deb test
scenarios where you need a directory as
part of your automated testing so no
matter where you're at in the world
today you can use AWS directory service
we're operating in six different AWS
regions us west u.s. East the EU Dublin
and then Singapore Sydney in Tokyo we
have plans to expand to additional
regions so keep an eye on the directory
service information online as we expand
to those additional regions
as well finally go ahead and get started
today you can visit our website to learn
more information about directory service
I've covered a lot of it here but
there's even more information online we
do offer a 30 day free trial for small
directories so you should be able to get
started quickly and easily so thank you
very much that's all we have today so
please remember to complete your
evaluations we'd love any feedback you'd
have about the session and I'll be here
to take questions off the stage where
you can meet me in the security booth
later on today if you have additional
questions so thank you very much